---
title: Bookworm's Journey in 2023
description: Books that I read in 2023
date: 2023-12-31 11:59:00 -0530
categories: [Geeky Gossip]
tags: [books,goals]
#pin: true
#math: true
#mermaid: true
image:
  path: /assets/img/blog/2023/bookworm/2023-booklist.png
  lqip: /assets/img/blog/2023/bookworm/2023-booklist.png
  #alt: Responsive rendering of Chirpy theme on multiple devices.
---

As another year dawns upon us, it's time to reflect on the literary adventures that shaped our minds and sparked our imaginations in 2023. From thrilling fiction to enlightening non-fiction, here's a glimpse into the books that captivated my attention and fueled my geeky gossip:


## Fiction:


1. **Hidden Hindu 1, 2, 3 (Complete Series)**: This enthralling series delves into the mystical realms of Hindu mythology, weaving together intricate plots and compelling characters that kept me hooked till the last page. 

1. **STARK** (Not Completed, Will Not Recommend to Others): While the premise intrigued me, this unfinished tale failed to deliver, leaving me disappointed and reluctant to suggest it to fellow readers.

1. **War of Lanka**: A gripping retelling of the epic Ramayana, this book transported me to ancient times, where gods and demons clashed in a battle for supremacy, leaving behind a legacy of valor and sacrifice. 

1. **Vallar Biography**: This insightful biography shed light on the extraordinary life of Vallar, painting a vivid portrait of his journey from obscurity to greatness, inspiring readers to chase their dreams relentlessly.



## Non-Fiction:


1. **Show Your Work**: Austin Kleon's manifesto on creativity and sharing resonated deeply with me, urging me to embrace vulnerability and share my journey as a creator with the world.

1. **Steal Like an Artist**: Offering a refreshing take on creativity, this book encouraged me to seek inspiration from various sources and remix ideas to craft my unique voice in the creative landscape. 

1. **How to Avoid a Climate Disaster**: Bill Gates illuminating exploration of the climate crisis provided actionable insights and solutions, empowering me to contribute to the fight against climate change in meaningful ways.

1. **Atomic Habits**: James Clear's masterpiece on habit formation offered practical strategies for building good habits and breaking free from destructive ones, empowering me to take control of my destiny one small step at a time. 

1. **Wings of Fire**: (Not Completed, Will Not Recommend to Others): While the premise held promise, this unfinished memoir left me underwhelmed, failing to leave a lasting impression or resonate with my sensibilities.

1. **Elon Musk**: Ashlee Vance's in-depth biography of the visionary entrepreneur Elon Musk offered a fascinating glimpse into his life, highlighting his relentless drive, audacious goals, and unwavering determination to change the world. 

1. **The Grip**: This gripping psychological thriller kept me on the edge of my seat with its twists and turns, exploring the depths of human psyche and the consequences of obsession.

1. **Man's Search for Meaning (Top 10)**: Viktor Frankl's timeless classic resonated deeply with me, offering profound insights into the human condition and the quest for meaning amidst suffering, inspiring me to find purpose in every moment. Frankl's harrowing experiences in Nazi concentration camps serve as a poignant reminder of the indomitable human spirit and the power of finding meaning even in the most dire circumstances. 

1. **The Secret (Top 3)**: Rhonda Byrne's transformative guide to the law of attraction reminded me of the power of positive thinking and visualization in manifesting my dreams into reality. Through compelling anecdotes and practical exercises, Byrne demonstrates how shifting our mindset and focusing our energy on our desires can unlock the universe's abundance, guiding me towards a path of empowerment and fulfillment.

1. **One Minute Manager**: This concise yet impactful management guide offered valuable lessons on effective leadership and maximizing productivity, equipping me with practical tools for success in both professional and personal spheres. 


Let us carry forward the wisdom gained from these pages and embark on new journeys of discovery and enlightenment in the years to come. After all, as readers and seekers of knowledge, our thirst for learning knows no bounds, and the world of books awaits with endless treasures to explore.


Thanks,

Here is my goodreads profile [here](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/183578916-balaji)

[^footnote]: https://sudwald.github.io/bookcollage/
[^fn-nth-2]: https://www.s-anand.net/blog/books-in-2023/
